README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

<!--
**phatnguyenuit/phatnguyenuit** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
```
Hi everyone,

My name is Fast, I have 4+ years of experience on Web Development.
Main focus on: frontend with ReactJS and TypeScript
#frontend #react #fastnguyen #reacthooks #reactjs
#javascript #typescript #web-development #engineer
```
😄 Pronouns: Fast */fɑːst/*

🔭 I’m currently working on **ReactJS** and **TypeScript**

▶ [Website](https://phatnguyenuit.github.io/)

💻 Articles

- [Prevent code duplication when writing unit tests with Jest .each](https://medium.com/tinyso/prevent-code-duplication-when-writing-unit-tests-with-jest-each-df412d6953c?source=friends_link&sk=0530dd92417cb95220c6be0e739a342a)

  > In this article, I show you how to prevent code duplication when writing unit tests with Jest .each API method. It makes your test cases maintainable.

- [How to build a React library with TypeScript](https://medium.com/weekly-webtips/how-to-build-a-react-library-with-typescript-d0f08a1f517e?source=friends_link&sk=ce8f646adfd9e01b42f04ee2392ad588)

  > You can build your own React packages just using TypeScript and Rollup after read through my article 😁.

- [How to mock process.env when writing unit tests with Jest](https://medium.com/weekly-webtips/how-to-mock-process-env-when-writing-unit-tests-with-jest-80940f367c2c?source=friends_link&sk=0c9cef9403a13f6547ea6183bb7ef0a1)

  > If you are working with unit tests in Jest and you don't know how to mock process.env
  > I think this is the right article for you 😁

- [How to get runtime type checking in TypeScript](https://medium.com/weekly-webtips/how-to-get-runtime-type-checking-in-typescript-ec06e88046f4?source=friends_link&sk=4c91c043879a0803a13c627bfe920fce)

  > Have you ever think about how to get runtime type checking in TypeScript?
  > If yes, the article above may be helpful for you.

- [Build multiple level selection with ReactJS Hooks](https://medium.com/weekly-webtips/build-multiple-level-selection-with-reactjs-hooks-d32add9b1177?source=friends_link&sk=2d6ccf22a11faadae80980f3d1d65662)

  > In this article I show you how to build multiple level selection with ReactJS Hooks

- [Say “Good bye” relative imports in NodeJS projects](https://medium.com/weekly-webtips/say-good-bye-relative-imports-in-nodejs-projects-65513bcdae6c?source=friends_link&sk=2797966c2d15217e6a6ba9ab9fd120d9)

  > In this article I show you how to use absolute path in NodeJS projects

- [Build OTP Input with ReactJS Hooks](https://medium.com/@fast.nguyen/build-otp-input-with-reactjs-hooks-5699eb58b427?source=friends_link&sk=bbf8ad15d5f9bd81728fa0a235a7fa77)

  > In this article I give you a basic idea to implement OTP Input component in React with Typescript.

- [Enhance Countdown Component in React with Typescript](https://medium.com/@fast.nguyen/enhance-count-down-component-in-react-with-typescript-3f258c583b36?source=friends_link&sk=c4c4fd1ec3cfc3a0c8730e63a0431cc2&fbclid=IwAR37vfC3euPuAMFErV7ynRD2GhKJlEl8kzTVjnNhMNn5o68Lk01r-yK_-5Y)
  > In this article I give you a basic idea to enhance Countdown component in React with Typescript.

Commit message:

docs(readme): add new article

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋

<!--
**phatnguyenuit/phatnguyenuit** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
```
Hi everyone,

My name is Fast, I have 4+ years of experience on Web Development.
Main focus on: frontend with ReactJS and TypeScript
#frontend #react #fastnguyen #reacthooks #reactjs
#javascript #typescript #web-development #engineer
```
😄 Pronouns: Fast */fɑːst/*

🔭 I’m currently working on **ReactJS** and **TypeScript**

▶ [Website](https://phatnguyenuit.github.io/)

💻 Articles

- [How to enforce TypeScript types in the runtime environment](https://medium.com/weekly-webtips/how-to-enforce-typescript-types-in-the-runtime-environment-3564ae33a792?source=friends_link&sk=c7d164b79be7829ac6f3a92fcfe7ada9){:target="\_blank"}

  
  > In this article, I am going to show the way to enforce TypeScript types in the runtime environment. Because in the runtime environment, the real source code executed is JavaScript (after being compiled from TypeScript)


- [Prevent code duplication when writing unit tests with Jest .each](https://medium.com/tinyso/prevent-code-duplication-when-writing-unit-tests-with-jest-each-df412d6953c?source=friends_link&sk=0530dd92417cb95220c6be0e739a342a)

  > In this article, I show you how to prevent code duplication when writing unit tests with Jest .each API method. It makes your test cases maintainable.

- [How to build a React library with TypeScript](https://medium.com/weekly-webtips/how-to-build-a-react-library-with-typescript-d0f08a1f517e?source=friends_link&sk=ce8f646adfd9e01b42f04ee2392ad588)

  > You can build your own React packages just using TypeScript and Rollup after read through my article 😁.

- [How to mock process.env when writing unit tests with Jest](https://medium.com/weekly-webtips/how-to-mock-process-env-when-writing-unit-tests-with-jest-80940f367c2c?source=friends_link&sk=0c9cef9403a13f6547ea6183bb7ef0a1)

  > If you are working with unit tests in Jest and you don't know how to mock process.env
  > I think this is the right article for you 😁

- [How to get runtime type checking in TypeScript](https://medium.com/weekly-webtips/how-to-get-runtime-type-checking-in-typescript-ec06e88046f4?source=friends_link&sk=4c91c043879a0803a13c627bfe920fce)

  > Have you ever think about how to get runtime type checking in TypeScript?
  > If yes, the article above may be helpful for you.

- [Build multiple level selection with ReactJS Hooks](https://medium.com/weekly-webtips/build-multiple-level-selection-with-reactjs-hooks-d32add9b1177?source=friends_link&sk=2d6ccf22a11faadae80980f3d1d65662)

  > In this article I show you how to build multiple level selection with ReactJS Hooks

- [Say “Good bye” relative imports in NodeJS projects](https://medium.com/weekly-webtips/say-good-bye-relative-imports-in-nodejs-projects-65513bcdae6c?source=friends_link&sk=2797966c2d15217e6a6ba9ab9fd120d9)

  > In this article I show you how to use absolute path in NodeJS projects

- [Build OTP Input with ReactJS Hooks](https://medium.com/@fast.nguyen/build-otp-input-with-reactjs-hooks-5699eb58b427?source=friends_link&sk=bbf8ad15d5f9bd81728fa0a235a7fa77)

  > In this article I give you a basic idea to implement OTP Input component in React with Typescript.

- [Enhance Countdown Component in React with Typescript](https://medium.com/@fast.nguyen/enhance-count-down-component-in-react-with-typescript-3f258c583b36?source=friends_link&sk=c4c4fd1ec3cfc3a0c8730e63a0431cc2&fbclid=IwAR37vfC3euPuAMFErV7ynRD2GhKJlEl8kzTVjnNhMNn5o68Lk01r-yK_-5Y)
  > In this article I give you a basic idea to enhance Countdown component in React with Typescript.
